Wait, this is kind of straight. Yeah.
No, actually but I went to like a winter camp
thing over the winter and there were people from Israel.
And so, they were. I- I was just kind of like blew my mind because they were like
Yeah, I listen to like hip hop, like Hebrew pop.
I was like, wow, there's like a whole world out there. Like... Yeah.
I mean, I didn't listen to anything because I would not understand.
Just to think that there's like, for each country, there's probably like, there's like, one hip-hop like...
hip-hop
Yeah, it's all your by the way. Next number. Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Really?
Oh...
You guys are talking about the same thing.
Business trip.
Gamelan? What's Gamelan?
Oh! I remember that's still on.
I know, I know exactly what you're thinking about.
Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, I know that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think we've all seen it in like an instrument tube, but it's like a steel metal.
Road music there was something. Oh, like Indian?
That's pretty cool. Also, they're like...
Oh yeah, their their tonality is completely different then.
Also their level of like...
Accuracy in their tones when they sing is like out of this world.
Yeah.
Um... I think I was going to say that.
No! A lot of it. Okay, I know it's interesting but okay
Also they're like, it actually sounds like auto tune when they sing.
Like...
Oh, yeah. There was such an aspect.
There's a... Oh oh oh eh eh eh eh. Yeah.
Yeah. It's pretty fascinating other than, do that...
Yeah, I heard.
Yeah.
Aaaa...
I knew it.
I mean you see those videos where they're like
Make it like a melody, you know, like people speaking
like your...
I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can never hear.
Interesting. Interesting.
Music, music, music.
Oh. But that...